README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <img alt="react-native-parallax-scroll-view" src="http://i.imgur.com/xZQZeL1.jpg" width="1200">
</p>

<br />

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-native-parallax-scrollview"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/react-native-parallax-scrollview.svg?style=flat-square"></a>
  <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-native-parallax-scrollview"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/react-native-parallax-scrollview.svg?style=flat-square"></a>
</p>

## Demo

![Demo gif](./react-native-scroll-view.gif)

## Installation

This package has a dependency of React Native Elements. Install RNE first with:

```yarn add react-native-elements```

Finally install this package using yarn or npm:

```yarn add react-native-parallax-scrollview```

## Usage

### Default Profile Component

``` jsx
import ParallaxScrollView from 'react-native-parallax-scrollview';

<ParallaxScrollView />
```

### Default header view with custom User

```jsx
<ParallaxScrollView
  windowHeight={SCREEN_HEIGHT * 0.4}
  backgroundSource='http://i.imgur.com/UyjQBkJ.png'
  navBarTitle='John Oliver'
  userName='John Oliver'
  userTitle='Comedian'
  userImage='http://i.imgur.com/RQ1iLOs.jpg'
  leftIcon={{name: 'rocket', color: 'rgba(131, 175, 41, 1)', size: 30, type: 'font-awesome'}}
  rightIcon={{name: 'user', color: 'rgba(193, 193, 193, 1)', size: 30, type: 'font-awesome'}}
/>
```

### Default Header view & Custom ScrollView content

```jsx
<ParallaxScrollView
  windowHeight={SCREEN_HEIGHT * 0.4}
  backgroundSource='http://i.imgur.com/UyjQBkJ.png'
  navBarTitle='John Oliver'
  userName='John Oliver'
  userTitle='Comedian'
  userImage='http://i.imgur.com/RQ1iLOs.jpg'
  leftIcon={{name: 'rocket', color: 'rgba(193, 193, 193, 1)', size: 30, type: 'font-awesome'}}
  rightIcon={{name: 'user', color: 'rgba(193, 193, 193, 1)', size: 30, type: 'font-awesome'}}
>
  <ScrollView style={{flex: 1, backgroundColor: 'rgba(228, 117, 125, 1)'}}>
    <View style={{height: 300, justifyContent: 'center', alignItems: 'center'}}>
      <Text style={{fontSize: 32, color: 'white'}}>Custom view</Text>
    </View>
    <View style={{height: 300, justifyContent: 'center', alignItems: 'center'}}>
      <Text style={{fontSize: 32, color: 'white'}}>keep going.</Text>
    </View>
    <View style={{height: 300, justifyContent: 'center', alignItems: 'center'}}>
      <Text style={{fontSize: 32, color: 'white'}}>keep going..</Text>
    </View>
    <View style={{height: 300, justifyContent: 'center', alignItems: 'center'}}>
      <Text style={{fontSize: 32, color: 'white'}}>keep going...</Text>
    </View>
    <View style={{height: 300, justifyContent: 'center', alignItems: 'center'}}>
      <Text style={{fontSize: 32, color: 'white'}}>the end! :)</Text>
    </View>
  </ScrollView>
</ParallaxScrollView>
```

### Custom Header view & ScrollView content

```jsx
<ParallaxScrollView
  windowHeight={SCREEN_HEIGHT}
  backgroundSource='http://i.imgur.com/s4JEY9E.jpg'
  navBarTitle='Custom Title'
  navBarTitleColor='black'
  navBarColor='white'
  headerView={(
    <View style={styles.headerView}>
      <View style={styles.headerTextView}>
        <Text style={styles.headerTextViewTitle}>My App</Text>
        <Text style={styles.headerTextViewSubtitle}>
          Custom Header View
        </Text>
      </View>
    </View>
  )}
  leftIcon={{name: 'rocket', color: 'rgba(228, 117, 125, 1)', size: 30, type: 'font-awesome'}}
  leftIconOnPress={() => this.setState({index: (this.state.index + 1 ) % 3})}
  rightIcon={{name: 'user', color: 'rgba(228, 117, 125, 1)', size: 30, type: 'font-awesome'}}
  rightIconOnPress={() => this.setState({index: (this.state.index + 1 ) % 3})}
>
  <ScrollView style={{flex: 1, backgroundColor: 'rgba(228, 117, 125, 1)'}}>
    <View style={{height: 300, justifyContent: 'center', alignItems: 'center'}}>
      <Text style={{fontSize: 32, color: 'white'}}>Custom view</Text>
    </View>
    <View style={{height: 300, justifyContent: 'center', alignItems: 'center'}}>
      <Text style={{fontSize: 32, color: 'white'}}>keep going.</Text>
    </View>
    <View style={{height: 300, justifyContent: 'center', alignItems: 'center'}}>
      <Text style={{fontSize: 32, color: 'white'}}>keep going..</Text>
    </View>
    <View style={{height: 300, justifyContent: 'center', alignItems: 'center'}}>
      <Text style={{fontSize: 32, color: 'white'}}>keep going...</Text>
    </View>
    <View style={{height: 300, justifyContent: 'center', alignItems: 'center'}}>
      <Text style={{fontSize: 32, color: 'white'}}>the end! :)</Text>
    </View>
  </ScrollView>
</ParallaxScrollView>
```

## API

| prop | default | type | description |
| ---- | ---- | ----| ---- |
| backgroundSource | {uri:http://i.imgur.com/6Iej2c3.png} | ImageSourcePropType | The background image for the header. The image source is (either a remote URL or a local file resource) ```backgroundSource={{uri:http://i.imgur.com/6Iej2c3.png}}``` or ```backgroundSource={require('./image.png')}```  |
| windowHeight | SCREEN_HEIGHT * 0.5 | number | The height of the header window |
| navBarTitle | Katy Friedson | string | The title to be display on the NavBar header |
| navBarTitleColor | 'white' | string | Color of the navBar title when displayed |
| navBarColor | 'rgba(0, 0, 0, 1.0)' | string | Color of the navbar when shown |
| navBarHeight | 65 | number | Height of the navBar when displayed |
| userName | Katy Friedson | string | The user name displayed in the collapsable header view |
| userImage | http://i.imgur.com/uma9OfG.jpg | string | The user image displayed in the collapsable header view |
| userTitle | Engineering Manager | string | The user title displayed in the collapsable header view |
| headerView | Profile View | custom object | Pass in a custom object to override the default header view |
| leftIcon | none | object | Pass in the left icon name and type as an object. ```leftIcon={{name: 'rocket', color: 'red', size: 30, type: 'font-awesome'}}```|
| leftIconOnPress | none | callback | Callback function when the left icon is pressed |
| leftIconUnderlayColor | 'transparent' | string | Underlay color for the left icon. |
| rightIcon | none | object | Pass in the right icon name and type etc as an object. ```rightIcon={{name: 'user', color: 'blue', size: 30, type: 'font-awesome'}}```|
| rightIconOnPress | none | callback | Callback function when the right icon is pressed |
| rightIconUnderlayColor | 'transparent' | string | Underlay color for the right icon. |
| *children* | List View | React Components | Render any react views/components as children and these will be rendered below the headerView |

## Try it out

You can try it out with Exponent [here](https://exp.host/@monte9/parallax-scrollview-example)

### Example

Look at the [`example`](https://github.com/Monte9/react-native-parallax-scrollview/tree/master/example) folder to run the expo app locally.

## Motivation

Currently there are a couple packages that provide a similar parallax Scrollview component ([here](https://github.com/jaysoo/react-native-parallax-scroll-view) and [here](https://github.com/lelandrichardson/react-native-parallax-view)) although both of them are not maintained and wasn't exactly what I was looking for.

So I challenged myself to create a Parallax ScrollView component (using [react-native-parallax-view](https://github.com/lelandrichardson/react-native-parallax-view) as a base) with
1. Sticky NavBar Header :tada:
2. An awesome default profile component that just works out of the box (```<ParallaxScrollView />```)
3. Flexible and comprehensive API to use the ScrollView component for any use case.

aka it's a **(Parallax) ScrollView component** for React Native that we *truly deserve* :rocket:

## Feedback

This repo is being actively manitained. Feel free to open a new Issue with a `Feature Request` or submit a PR with an `Enhancement`.

Commit message:

Added the property `navBarView` to allow creating a custom view for the navigation bar.

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <img alt="react-native-parallax-scroll-view" src="http://i.imgur.com/xZQZeL1.jpg" width="1200">
</p>

<br />

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-native-parallax-scrollview"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/react-native-parallax-scrollview.svg?style=flat-square"></a>
  <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-native-parallax-scrollview"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/react-native-parallax-scrollview.svg?style=flat-square"></a>
</p>

## Demo

![Demo gif](./react-native-scroll-view.gif)

## Installation

This package has a dependency of React Native Elements. Install RNE first with:

```yarn add react-native-elements```

Finally install this package using yarn or npm:

```yarn add react-native-parallax-scrollview```

## Usage

### Default Profile Component

``` jsx
import ParallaxScrollView from 'react-native-parallax-scrollview';

<ParallaxScrollView />
```

### Default header view with custom User

```jsx
<ParallaxScrollView
  windowHeight={SCREEN_HEIGHT * 0.4}
  backgroundSource='http://i.imgur.com/UyjQBkJ.png'
  navBarTitle='John Oliver'
  userName='John Oliver'
  userTitle='Comedian'
  userImage='http://i.imgur.com/RQ1iLOs.jpg'
  leftIcon={{name: 'rocket', color: 'rgba(131, 175, 41, 1)', size: 30, type: 'font-awesome'}}
  rightIcon={{name: 'user', color: 'rgba(193, 193, 193, 1)', size: 30, type: 'font-awesome'}}
/>
```

### Default Header view & Custom ScrollView content

```jsx
<ParallaxScrollView
  windowHeight={SCREEN_HEIGHT * 0.4}
  backgroundSource='http://i.imgur.com/UyjQBkJ.png'
  navBarTitle='John Oliver'
  userName='John Oliver'
  userTitle='Comedian'
  userImage='http://i.imgur.com/RQ1iLOs.jpg'
  leftIcon={{name: 'rocket', color: 'rgba(193, 193, 193, 1)', size: 30, type: 'font-awesome'}}
  rightIcon={{name: 'user', color: 'rgba(193, 193, 193, 1)', size: 30, type: 'font-awesome'}}
>
  <ScrollView style={{flex: 1, backgroundColor: 'rgba(228, 117, 125, 1)'}}>
    <View style={{height: 300, justifyContent: 'center', alignItems: 'center'}}>
      <Text style={{fontSize: 32, color: 'white'}}>Custom view</Text>
    </View>
    <View style={{height: 300, justifyContent: 'center', alignItems: 'center'}}>
      <Text style={{fontSize: 32, color: 'white'}}>keep going.</Text>
    </View>
    <View style={{height: 300, justifyContent: 'center', alignItems: 'center'}}>
      <Text style={{fontSize: 32, color: 'white'}}>keep going..</Text>
    </View>
    <View style={{height: 300, justifyContent: 'center', alignItems: 'center'}}>
      <Text style={{fontSize: 32, color: 'white'}}>keep going...</Text>
    </View>
    <View style={{height: 300, justifyContent: 'center', alignItems: 'center'}}>
      <Text style={{fontSize: 32, color: 'white'}}>the end! :)</Text>
    </View>
  </ScrollView>
</ParallaxScrollView>
```

### Custom Header view & ScrollView content

```jsx
<ParallaxScrollView
  windowHeight={SCREEN_HEIGHT}
  backgroundSource='http://i.imgur.com/s4JEY9E.jpg'
  navBarTitle='Custom Title'
  navBarTitleColor='black'
  navBarColor='white'
  headerView={(
    <View style={styles.headerView}>
      <View style={styles.headerTextView}>
        <Text style={styles.headerTextViewTitle}>My App</Text>
        <Text style={styles.headerTextViewSubtitle}>
          Custom Header View
        </Text>
      </View>
    </View>
  )}
  leftIcon={{name: 'rocket', color: 'rgba(228, 117, 125, 1)', size: 30, type: 'font-awesome'}}
  leftIconOnPress={() => this.setState({index: (this.state.index + 1 ) % 3})}
  rightIcon={{name: 'user', color: 'rgba(228, 117, 125, 1)', size: 30, type: 'font-awesome'}}
  rightIconOnPress={() => this.setState({index: (this.state.index + 1 ) % 3})}
>
  <ScrollView style={{flex: 1, backgroundColor: 'rgba(228, 117, 125, 1)'}}>
    <View style={{height: 300, justifyContent: 'center', alignItems: 'center'}}>
      <Text style={{fontSize: 32, color: 'white'}}>Custom view</Text>
    </View>
    <View style={{height: 300, justifyContent: 'center', alignItems: 'center'}}>
      <Text style={{fontSize: 32, color: 'white'}}>keep going.</Text>
    </View>
    <View style={{height: 300, justifyContent: 'center', alignItems: 'center'}}>
      <Text style={{fontSize: 32, color: 'white'}}>keep going..</Text>
    </View>
    <View style={{height: 300, justifyContent: 'center', alignItems: 'center'}}>
      <Text style={{fontSize: 32, color: 'white'}}>keep going...</Text>
    </View>
    <View style={{height: 300, justifyContent: 'center', alignItems: 'center'}}>
      <Text style={{fontSize: 32, color: 'white'}}>the end! :)</Text>
    </View>
  </ScrollView>
</ParallaxScrollView>
```

## API

| prop | default | type | description |
| ---- | ---- | ----| ---- |
| backgroundSource | {uri:http://i.imgur.com/6Iej2c3.png} | ImageSourcePropType | The background image for the header. The image source is (either a remote URL or a local file resource) ```backgroundSource={{uri:http://i.imgur.com/6Iej2c3.png}}``` or ```backgroundSource={require('./image.png')}```  |
| windowHeight | SCREEN_HEIGHT * 0.5 | number | The height of the header window |
| navBarTitle | Katy Friedson | string | The title to be display on the NavBar header |
| navBarTitleColor | 'white' | string | Color of the navBar title when displayed |
| navBarColor | 'rgba(0, 0, 0, 1.0)' | string | Color of the navbar when shown |
| navBarHeight | 65 | number | Height of the navBar when displayed |
| navBarView | Left/Right Icons View | custom object | Pass in a custom object to override the default navigation bar view |
| userName | Katy Friedson | string | The user name displayed in the collapsable header view |
| userImage | http://i.imgur.com/uma9OfG.jpg | string | The user image displayed in the collapsable header view |
| userTitle | Engineering Manager | string | The user title displayed in the collapsable header view |
| headerView | Profile View | custom object | Pass in a custom object to override the default header view |
| leftIcon | none | object | Pass in the left icon name and type as an object. ```leftIcon={{name: 'rocket', color: 'red', size: 30, type: 'font-awesome'}}```|
| leftIconOnPress | none | callback | Callback function when the left icon is pressed |
| leftIconUnderlayColor | 'transparent' | string | Underlay color for the left icon. |
| rightIcon | none | object | Pass in the right icon name and type etc as an object. ```rightIcon={{name: 'user', color: 'blue', size: 30, type: 'font-awesome'}}```|
| rightIconOnPress | none | callback | Callback function when the right icon is pressed |
| rightIconUnderlayColor | 'transparent' | string | Underlay color for the right icon. |
| *children* | List View | React Components | Render any react views/components as children and these will be rendered below the headerView |

## Try it out

You can try it out with Exponent [here](https://exp.host/@monte9/parallax-scrollview-example)

### Example

Look at the [`example`](https://github.com/Monte9/react-native-parallax-scrollview/tree/master/example) folder to run the expo app locally.

## Motivation

Currently there are a couple packages that provide a similar parallax Scrollview component ([here](https://github.com/jaysoo/react-native-parallax-scroll-view) and [here](https://github.com/lelandrichardson/react-native-parallax-view)) although both of them are not maintained and wasn't exactly what I was looking for.

So I challenged myself to create a Parallax ScrollView component (using [react-native-parallax-view](https://github.com/lelandrichardson/react-native-parallax-view) as a base) with
1. Sticky NavBar Header :tada:
2. An awesome default profile component that just works out of the box (```<ParallaxScrollView />```)
3. Flexible and comprehensive API to use the ScrollView component for any use case.

aka it's a **(Parallax) ScrollView component** for React Native that we *truly deserve* :rocket:

## Feedback

This repo is being actively manitained. Feel free to open a new Issue with a `Feature Request` or submit a PR with an `Enhancement`.
